doc: note that `nix eval` is eager (#11670)
NixOS/nix: src/nix/eval.md

# Description

> This command eagerly evaluates the given Nix expression and prints the result on standard output.

Reviewer: Evaluation is never eager or strict. It always happens the same way.
The difference is in how evaluation is used; not intrinsic to evaluation itself.

```suggestion
This command also evaluates any nested attribute values and list items, and prints the result on standard output.
```

> This command also evaluates any nested attribute values and list items, and prints the result on standard output.

Author: ```suggestion
This command evaluates the given Nix expression, and prints the result on standard output.

It also evaluates any nested attribute values and list items.
```
